DOC-1877: Add associations and homeowners associations sections for Germany (#670)
swan-io/docs: docs/partnership/document-center/company-registration/france.mdx

### Accepted documents {#association-documents}

| Document type (French) | Description | Details |
|---|---|---|
| Preuve d'enregistrement* | Proof of registration* | <ul><li>Announcement in the Journal Officiel (JOAFE).</li><li>Requested for associations from **Alsace** or **Moselle**.</li></ul> |
| Statuts de l'association | Articles of Association | <ul><li>Must be dated and signed.</li><li>Must be the most recently published version.</li><li>If amendments have been made, it must be dated within the last **6 months**.</li></ul> |

> | Procès-verbal de la dernière assemblée générale* | Latest General Meeting minutes* | <ul><li>Meeting minutes must be the most recent within the last 2 years.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Procès-verbal de la dernière assemblée générale* | Latest general meeting minutes* | <ul><li>Meeting minutes must be the most recent within the last 2 years.</li></ul> |
```

| Procès verbal du président | Appointment of the president | <ul><li>Internal company document showing the details of the appointed president.</li></ul> |
| Justificatif de l'adresse de l'association | Proof of association address | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last 3 months.</li></ul> |

> | Justificatif de situation financiers / origine des fonds| Evidence of company's funds | <ul><li>Must be the most recent version, and can include annual accounts, bank statements, and tax return.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Justificatif de situation financière / origine des fonds | Evidence of the association's funds | <ul><li>Must be the most recent version, and can include annual accounts, bank statements, and tax returns.</li></ul> |
```

> | Procuration et pièce d’identité du représentant légal | Power of attorney & identity document of the legal representative (if not the account holder) | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last year.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Procuration et pièce d'identité du représentant légal | Power of attorney and identity document of the legal representative (if not the account holder) | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last year.</li></ul> |
```

| Structure de gouvernance / Organigramme | Governance structure documentation | <ul><li>Required when the association's governance structure is complex or not clear from other documents.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Liste des membres / Règlement d'admission | Membership list / admission rules | <ul><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Déclaration des bénéficiaires effectifs / Déclaration de contrôle effectif | UBO declaration  | <ul><li>For example:<ul><li>Copie intégrale des informations déclarées</li><li>Déclaration Relative au(x) Bénéficiaire(s) Effectif(s) d'une Société</li><li>Document Relatif au Bénéficiaire Effectif</li></ul></li><li>Must be an official document, dated, signed, and stamped.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |

> | Décret de reconnaissance d’utilité publique | Declaration recognizing public utility status | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last 3 months.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Décret de reconnaissance d'utilité publique | Declaration recognizing public utility status | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last 3 months.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
```

| Formulaire Personne Politiquement Exposée (PPE) | Politically Exposed Person (PEP) form | <ul><li>Will be sent to the user by Swan (based on your communication preferences).</li><li>Must be signed and dated.</li></ul> |

> | Déclaration sur l’honneur / auto-déclaration signée | Declaration of honor | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last 3 months.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Déclaration sur l'honneur / auto-déclaration signée | Sworn statement | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last 3 months.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
```

| Premier transfert | First transfer | <ul><li>Requested for associations from **Alsace** or **Moselle**.</li></ul> |
| Formulaire Personne Politiquement Exposée (PPE) | Politically Exposed Person (PEP) form | <ul><li>Will be sent to the end user (based on your communication preferences).</li><li>Must be signed and dated.</li></ul> |
| Structure de gouvernance / Organigramme | Governance structure documentation | <ul><li>Required when the association's governance structure is complex or not clear from other documents.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Liste des membres / Règlement d'admission | Membership list / admission rules | <ul><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Déclaration des bénéficiaires effectifs et pièce d'identité des UBOs | UBO declaration and identity documents of UBOs | <ul><li>For example:<ul><li>Copie intégrale des informations déclarées</li><li>Déclaration Relative au(x) Bénéficiaire(s) Effectif(s) d'une Société</li><li>Document Relatif au Bénéficiaire Effectif</li></ul></li><li>Must be an official document, dated, signed, and stamped.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |

> | Justificatif de domicile des bénéficiaires effectifs | Proof of address of UBOs | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last 3 months.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Structure de gouvernance / Organigramme | Governance structure documentation | <ul><li>Required when the association's governance structure is complex or not clear from other documents.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Liste des membres / Règlement d'admission | Membership list / admission rules | <ul><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Déclaration des bénéficiaires effectifs et pièce d'identité des UBOs | UBO declaration and identity documents of UBOs | <ul><li>For example:<ul><li>Copie intégrale des informations déclarées</li><li>Déclaration Relative au(x) Bénéficiaire(s) Effectif(s) d'une Société</li><li>Document Relatif au Bénéficiaire Effectif</li></ul></li><li>Must be an official document, dated, signed, and stamped.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Justificatif de domicile des bénéficiaires effectifs | Proof of address of UBOs | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last 3 months.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Formulaire Personne Politiquement Exposée (PPE) | Politically Exposed Person (PEP) form | <ul><li>Will be sent to the end user (based on your communication preferences).</li><li>Must be signed and dated.</li></ul> |
```
Keep the PEP form row last — it closed this table before, and DE/BE/IT (after row 9) still end with it.
